RHCLOUD-47192- create kessel error codes page (#100)
project-kessel/docs: src/content/docs/building-with-kessel/reference/error-codes.mdx

| `DEADLINE_EXCEEDED` | Deadline exceeded | Slow DB, large bulk, network latency | Increase deadline; reduce batch |
| `NOT_FOUND` | Resource absent | Wrong `resource_id`, type, or reporter | Verify identifiers; confirm resource was [reported](/building-with-kessel/how-to/report-resources/) |
| `ALREADY_EXISTS` | Duplicate resource | Duplicate reporter resource key (same `resource_type` + `resource_id` + `reporter.type` + `reporter_instance_id`) | Use update/report semantics or treat as success |
| `PERMISSION_DENIED` | Meta-authz rejected | Missing role binding, wrong principal | Review [RBAC](/building-with-kessel/concepts/rbac/) |
| `FAILED_PRECONDITION` | State rejected | Inventory ID mismatch on update | Align IDs on update paths |
| `UNIMPLEMENTED` | RPC not available | Wrong API version or disabled feature | Confirm service version |
| `INTERNAL` | Server failure | DB error, meta-authorizer down, bulk mismatch | Check logs; verify backend health |
| `UNAVAILABLE` | Cannot accept traffic | Read-only mode, process down | Retry; check read-only flag |

> | `UNAUTHENTICATED` | No valid auth | No credentials, middleware reject, missing stream metadata | Configure [authentication](/building-with-kessel/how-to/authenticate-with-python-sdk/) |

Reviewer: consequence of timing but this was just merged to be 

```suggestion
| `UNAUTHENTICATED` | No valid auth | No credentials, middleware reject, missing stream metadata | Configure [authentication](/building-with-kessel/how-to/authenticate-with-sdks/) |
```

| `invalid <field>: …` (e.g. `invalid resource type`, `invalid local resource ID`, `invalid reporter type`, `invalid relation`, `invalid subject`, `invalid API href`, `invalid reporter version`) | `INVALID_ARGUMENT` | Fix the named field in your request |
| `invalid reporter representation: …` / `invalid common representation: …` | `INVALID_ARGUMENT` | Fix representation struct in request |
| `invalid <field> at index …` (e.g. `invalid resource at index 0`, `invalid subject at index 1`, `invalid relation at index 2`) | `INVALID_ARGUMENT` | Fix the indexed item in the bulk request |
| `invalid inventory ID: …` | `INVALID_ARGUMENT` | Supply a valid UUID for the inventory ID |
| `LookupObjects requires reporter type: …` / `LookupSubjects requires subject reporter type: …` | `INVALID_ARGUMENT` | Include required reporter type in lookup request |

### Middleware and auth

| Message pattern | Code | Resolution |
|-----------------|------|------------|
| `Authentication failed with decision: …` | `UNAUTHENTICATED` | Check credentials |
| `Missing metadata for stream method: …` | `UNAUTHENTICATED` | Include metadata on stream |

> | `meta authorization context missing` | `UNKNOWN` (2) | Stream context propagation bug — same root cause as `authz context missing`; attach credentials |

Reviewer 2: Is the code here accurate? It looks like the `ErrorMappingStreamInterceptor` is registered in the gRPC server chain (grpc.go:97), and it calls the `MapError` function (error_mapping.go:39). That means `ErrMetaAuthzContextMissing` maps to `UNAUTHENTICATED` with message authz context missing for both unary and streaming RPCs.
